docs: add docs on custom local endpoints for localstack pro (#279)
localstack/docs: content/en/localstack/custom-local-endpoint.md

---

> title: "Custom local endpoint for LocalStack Pro"
> linkTitle: "Custom local endpoint for LocalStack Pro"
> weight: 95
> description: >
>   Overview of the configurable custom local endpoint for LocalStack Pro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Custom endpoint for LocalStack Web UI"
linkTitle: "Custom endpoint for LocalStack Web UI"
weight: 95
description: >
  Overview of the configurable custom local endpoint for the LocalStack Web UI
```

---

> You can configure the local endpoint URL under which LocalStack is accessible via LocalStack Pro. To configure your local endpoint URL, navigate to your [Account settings](app.localstack.cloud/account/settings), to configure the local endpoint URL. Additionally, you can configure the local endpoint URL to view your resources if you are running LocalStack on a different machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the local endpoint URL under which LocalStack is accessible from the LocalStack Web UI. To configure your local endpoint URL, navigate to your [Account settings](https://app.localstack.cloud/account/settings), to configure the local endpoint URL (defaults to https://localhost.localstack.cloud). Additionally, you can configure the local endpoint URL to view your resources if you are running LocalStack on a different machine (see instructions below).
```

> 
> To ensure that the Web user interface can connect with your running LocalStck instance, you would need to configure the endpoint URL so that the server's SSL certificate matches the hostname/IP address of the endpoint URL. This situation arises when users configure the endpoint URL to be something like `https://myhost:4566` or use an IP address like `https://1.2.3.4:4566`. Websites with an `https://...` URL can only request other endpoints using HTTPS (i.e., not on `http://`). Additionally, while requesting an HTTPS page, the SSL certificate must match the hostname (i.e., `localhost.localstack.cloud` in our case).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Connecting the Web UI to a LocalStack instance running on a different machine

To ensure that the Web user interface can connect with your running LocalStck instance, you would need to configure the endpoint URL so that the server's SSL certificate matches the hostname/IP address of the endpoint URL. This situation arises when users configure the endpoint URL to be something like `https://myhost:4566` or use an IP address like `https://1.2.3.4:4566`. Websites with an `https://...` URL can only request other endpoints using HTTPS (i.e., not on `http://`). Additionally, while requesting an HTTPS page, the SSL certificate must match the hostname (i.e., `localhost.localstack.cloud` in our case).
```

To navigate this, we recommend you create a local TCP proxy server. The proxy server could listen on `127.0.0.1:4566` and forward all requests to your target endpoint where the LocalStack instance is running. You could leave the configuration in the Web user interface to use the default value, `https://localhost.localstack.cloud:4566`. We recommend [simpleproxy](https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/trusty/man1/simpleproxy.1.html) or [proxy.py](https://github.com/abhinavsingh/proxy.py) as a way to implement this.

> An alternate walk-around would be to re-point `localhost.localstack.cloud` to the IP address of your target machine by adding an entry to `/etc/hosts`. It is especially useful if you run your LocalStack instance on a macOS/Linux-based machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An alternate workaround would be to re-point `localhost.localstack.cloud` to the IP address of your target machine by adding an entry to `/etc/hosts`. This is especially useful if you're accessing the LocalStack Web UI on a macOS/Linux-based machine.
```
